Privacy Policy
We at Dutch Daily News have created this privacy statement in order to show our commitment to our and your privacy. This page discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for the website DutchDailyNews.com.
 
Information Automatically Logged
This website uses various web analytics tools (such as Google Analytics) and other measurement tools to help analyze how users use the site. These tools use ‘cookies’, which are text files placed on your computer, to collect standard internet log information and visitor behavior information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) is transmitted to Google and sometimes other vendors. This information is then used to evaluate visitors use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity for DutchDailyNews.com.
 
We will never (and will not allow any third party) use the statistical analytics tool to track or to collect any personally identifiable information of visitors to our site. The Web Analytics vendors do not associate your IP address with any other data held by them. Neither we nor the web analytics Vendors will link, or seek to link, an IP address with the identity of a computer user. We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any personally identifying information from any source unless you explicitly submit that information via a fill-in form on our website.
 
Disabling and enabling cookies
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies by modifying the settings on your browser. In order to manage your cookies, please select your browser from the list below and follow the instructions:
Internet Explorer
Chrome
Safari
Firefox
Opera
 
Mobile devices:
Android
Safari
Windows Phone
Blackberry
 
External Links
This site contains links to some other sites. DutchDailyNews.com and its authors are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
 
Authentication
Some of our products will ask you to identify with either Google or Facebook so we can retrieve information on your behalf. We will not look at your individual data. We do reserve the right to aggregate usage data to measure the performance of our applications, but no identifiable personal information will ever be disclosed to third parties.
 
Personal Information
When you comment or subscribe to an email list, we ask for your name & email address. When you buy a product, we will ask for your name and email address as well, and we might gain some other info like your website’s URL. Your email and any other information will only be used to contact you about updates on DutchDailyNews. Your personal information will not be distributed to anyone for any purpose.
 
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control.
 
Changes to this Privacy Statement
The contents of this statement may be altered at any time, at our discretion.
 
Contacting DutchDailyNews
If you have any questions regarding the privacy policy of DutchDailyNews.com then you may contact us.
Dutch Daily News
(Tyraco)
Rotterdam, The Netherlands
editor@dutchdailynews.com
 

