Cookies usage:

PRISA uses its own and third-party cookies to improve its services, prepare statistical information and display advertising, content or personalized services through the analysis of its navigation. To accept their use you can continue browsing. Otherwise, you can configure or reject those purposes by clicking on the Settings section. To obtain more information about the use of cookies and their rights, access our Privacy Policy.
Configuration Close
 
For what purposes my information is used and who uses it?
×
This Site uses its own and other entities cookies, in order to access and use your information for the below purposes. If you do not agree with any of these purposes, you may customize your choices below.

We and the companies that collaborate with us, such as advertisers, advertising operators and intermediaries, will use your information obtained through cookies. To know the collaborating companies that incorporate their cookies on our website you can access through the button See our partners. You can set your consent preferences separately for each of the mentioned partners.

Additional information:You can know the complete information about the use of cookies, their configuration, origin, purposes and rights in our Cookies Policy.

You allow the use of cookies for the following purposes:
-Information storage and access
The storage of information, or access to information that is already stored, on your device such as advertising identifiers, device identifiers, cookies, and similar technologies.
DisagreeAgree
 
-Measurement
The collection of information about your use of the content, and combination with previously collected information, used to measure, understand, and report on your usage of the service. This does not include personalisation, the collection of information about your use of this service to subsequently personalise content and/or advertising for you in other contexts, i.e. on other service, such as websites or apps, over time.
DisagreeAgree
 
-Personalisation
The collection and processing of information about your use of this service to subsequently personalise advertising and/or content for you in other contexts, such as on other websites or apps, over time. Typically, the content of the site or app is used to make inferences about your interests, which inform future selection of advertising and/or content.
DisagreeAgree
 
-Ad selection, delivery, reporting
The collection of information, and combination with previously collected information, to select and deliver advertisements for you, and to measure the delivery and effectiveness of such advertisements. This includes using previously collected information about your interests to select ads, processing data about what advertisements were shown, how often they were shown, when and where they were shown, and whether you took any action related to the advertisement, including for example clicking an ad or making a purchase. This does not include personalisation, which is the collection and processing of information about your use of this service to subsequently personalise advertising and/or content for you in other contexts, such as websites or apps, over time.
DisagreeAgree
 
-Content selection, delivery, reporting
The collection of information, and combination with previously collected information, to select and deliver content for you, and to measure the delivery and effectiveness of such content. This includes using previously collected information about your interests to select content, processing data about what content was shown, how often or how long it was shown, when and where it was shown, and whether the you took any action related to the content, including for example clicking on content. This does not include personalisation, which is the collection and processing of information about your use of this service to subsequently personalise content and/or advertising for you in other contexts, such as websites or apps, over time.
DisagreeAgree
 
-Share data and profiles not linked to your identity
Allows you to send the user profile obtained through deductive techniques along with your browsing data and an advertising identifier code to advertisers, advertising agencies, intermediaries and other operators that enable this exchange of information to assess whether your profile is within the target audience for a specific ad and, where appropriate, show you that ad based on your interests.
 

