Cookie Policy
Introduction
Cookies are small text files that (depending on your browser settings) are deposited on your computer's disk when you visit a site and may be sent back to that site when you visit again.
 
We may use cookies to store user preferences and certain other pieces of data in the course of providing our services, as explained in further detail below.
 
If you carry on using our sites, we'll assume that you are fine with our use of cookies in these ways, but you can disable any of these cookies at any time if you wish – as explained below in the “Controlling cookies” section.
 
How we use cookies
Some cookies may only be set if you have registered with NewsNow and have logged in. Some other cookies are only set if you have not registered or have not logged in. Some cookies may be set whether you have registered and have logged in, or not. Some cookies are only set for the mobile version of the site, some are only set for the 'classic' (non-mobile) version of the site, and some are set for both, as indicated below.
 
The cookies listed below do not contain any information that, in itself, personally identifies you and do not provide us with access to the rest of your device. We may, however, associate the information contained in cookies with personal information that you have provided to us separately, such as when you submit an enquiry via a website form.
 
Third-party cookies
Please note that our business partners’ or other websites that may be accessible via the Site may also use cookies, over which we have no control. You should check the privacy and cookies policies posted on the relevant third-party websites for further information on such cookies (including details of how to reject or delete such cookies).
 
The Site also uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“ Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies to help us analyse how users use the Site. The information generated by Google’s cookies about your use of the Site (including your IP address) is anonymous and will be sent to Google and held on Google’s servers in the USA in accordance with Google’s privacy policy (available at). Please note that Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.
 
NewsNow has enabled Google Analytics’ “Advertising Reporting Features” option. This means that Google Analytics may collect data from Google advertising cookies (when they are present) and other anonymous identifiers and associate this with the Google Analytics data it normally collects. This allows Google Analytics to provide NewsNow with anonymous, aggregated data on things such as audience demographics and interests. No personal data is collected by Google as part of this feature and NewsNow does not attempt to associate any of the data so collected with any personal data it may itself collect from you.
 
Further information on Google's use of cookies, including in advertising, is available at, and on its use of cookies for Google Analytics is available at:.
 
If you wish to opt out of data collection by Google Analytics, you can do so by installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on, supplied by Google here:.
 
Controlling cookies
Most web browsers are initially set up to accept all cookies, but you may be able to configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to warn you when a cookie is being set. The Help portion of your browser, most likely found on the toolbar, typically tells you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. You can check whether these settings are currently enabled on your computer - or find out how to change your current settings - here (but note that NewsNow does not control these third-party resources):
 

 
Unless you do this, cookies will be issued when you use our sites, but you can disable them via your browser at any time. If you do not accept cookies or decide to disable them, you will still be able to access and use our sites, but some NewsNow features and services may not work properly if cookies are disabled.
 
You can find out more about cookies at and.
 

