Privacy & Cookie Policy
Home (https://www.mercedesenthusiast.co.uk)Privacy & Cookie Policy
Sundial (Sundial Magazines Ltd) is committed to protecting your privacy. We will only use the information you provide to us using our Contact Form lawfully and in accordance with the UK Data Protection Act 1998.
 
The information we collect about you may include your name, company name, phone number, email address details and this information may be used by us for marketing purposes.
 
'Cookies' may be used on this site only if you are required to login to one of our systems for any reason. For more information see "About cookies" below.
Sundial stores all personal and confidential material securely.
 
We do not collect sensitive information about you and the information we do hold will be accurate and up to date. You can contact us to check the information we hold about you and we will amend it accordingly if inaccuracies are found. The personal information we hold will be held securely in accordance with our internal security policy and the law.
 
About cookies
This website uses cookies. By using this website and agreeing to this policy, you consent to Sundial use of cookies in
      
1 of 3 30/07/2019, 11:46
accordance with the terms of this policy.
Privacy & Cookie Policy | Mercedes Enthusiast https://www.mercedesenthusiast.co.uk/privacy-policy/
 
 
Cookies are files sent by web servers to web browsers, and stored by the web browsers.
 
The information is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. This enables a web server to identify and track web browsers.
 
There are two main kinds of cookies: session cookies and persistent cookies. Session cookies are deleted from your computer when you close your browser, whereas persistent cookies remain stored on your computer until deleted, or until they reach their expiry date.
 
Cookies on our website
Sundial uses "session" cookies on this website. This means that when you close your browser, the cookies will be deleted.
 
Google cookies
Sundial uses Google Analytics to analyse the use of this website. Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies, which are stored on users’ computers. The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of the website. Google will store and use this information. Google’s privacy policy is available at: http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html
 
Refusing cookies
Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies.
In Internet Explorer, you can refuse all cookies by clicking “Tools”, “Internet Options”, “Privacy”, and selecting “Block all cookies” using the sliding selector.
In Firefox, you can adjust your cookies settings by clicking “Tools”, “Options” and “Privacy”. Blocking cookies will have a negative impact upon the usability of some websites. E-mail:enquiries@aatsystems.co.uk (mailto:enquiries@aatsystems.co.uk)
 

