ITV COOKIES (79) - Third party cookies (27<) 

ITV COOKIES
ITV cookies on itv.com (including ITV Hub on itv.com) (13) 
itv.Region: remembers the region in which you are located, which enables us to serve region specific content to you.
has_js: identifies whether a user has javascript turned on/off. If javascript is turned off many of our website functions will not work correctly.
itvpreferences.sol: stores your subtitle and volume preferences for the ITV Hub so that you don’t have to set them each time you visit.
ITVAutoresume.sol: stores the last point you reached in a video you were watching so you can resume watching from the last point you reached.
ITV.Autoplay: automatically plays the next episode in a series on ITV Hub.
Itv.CookiePolicy: determines whether our cookie policy message has been accepted.
Itv.ParentalControls: stores your pin number and secret answers for parental controls.
Itv.Session: is used for registration and login authentication.
Itv.LastWatched: is used to store the episodes that have been watched on a particular browser.
VT_RT1 through to VT_RT12, VT_NEWT and VT_SEENFCID: are cookies set by ITV’s ad server and are used to provide more relevant advertising to our users.
Itv.RandID: used to gradually roll out new features and updates on ITV Hub.
 
ITV cookies on the ITV News app (3)
Your set location - if you choose to set a location either based on your current device location or by searching for a place, the resulting location is stored on your device. This drives a search for content based on the chosen location to deliver relevant content from that area.
Followed stories - if you choose to follow a story, an identifier for that story is stored and used to drive a search based on that story.
Notifications - if you choose to receive notifications of story updates we will store that choice and use it to select notifications for you.
 
Cookies on the ITV Box Office website
Strictly Necessary (7) 
OptanonConsent: This cookie is set by the cookie compliance solution from OneTrust. It stores information about the categories of cookies the site uses and whether visitors have given or withdrawn consent for the use of each category. This enables site owners to prevent cookies in each category from being set in the users browser, when consent is not given. The cookie has a normal lifespan of one year, so that returning visitors to the site will have their preferences remembered. It contains no information that can identify the site visitor.
OptanonAlertBoxClosed: This cookie is set after visitors have seen a cookie information notice. It enables the website not to show the message more than once to a user. The cookie has a one year lifespan and contains no personal information.
PHPSESSID: Cookie generated by applications based on the PHP language. This is a general purpose identifier used to maintain user session variables. It is normally a random generated number, how it is used can be specific to the site, but a good example is maintaining a logged-in status for a user between pages.
AWSELB: This cookie name is associated with the Amazon Web Services Elastic Load Balancing functionality for routing client request on the server.
ci_session: Cookie normally associated with the CodeIgniter framework for building PHP based applications. Usually used to maintain a user state during a browser session for consistency of user experience. By default the cookie is destroyed when the browser session ends, in which case it can be Strictly Necessary. However, it can optionally be stored in a database and be used for tracking users or other purposes, in such cases a category of Strictly Necessary will probably not apply.
__utma: This host is used by OneTrust for hosting the Cookie Consent tool script. It is used to manage cookies on websites.
__cfduid: This cookie is used by the cookie compliance solution from OneTrust. It is set by the CloudFlare service to identify trusted web traffic. It does not correspond to any user id in the web application, nor does the cookie store any personally identifiable information. Click here for more information
Performance and Targeting Cookies (17) 
_ga: This cookie name is associated with Google Universal Analytics - which is a significant update to Google's more commonly used analytics service. This cookie is used to distinguish unique users by assigning a randomly generated number as a client identifier. It is included in each page request in a site and used to calculate visitor, session and campaign data for the sites analytics reports. By default it is set to expire after 2 years, although this is customisable by website owners.
ai_user: This cookie name is associated with the Microsoft Application Insights software, which collects statistical usage and telemetry information for apps built on the Azure cloud platform. This is a unique user identifier cookie enabling counting of the number of users accessing the application over time.
ai_session:This cookie name is associated with the Microsoft Application Insights software, which collects statistical usage and telemetry information for apps built on the Azure cloud platform. This is a unique anonymous session identifier cookie.
_gid: This Google Analytics cookie is used to track users as they navigate the website and help improve the website's usability.
__zlcmid: Live chat widget sets the cookies to store the Zopim Live Chat ID used to identify a device across visits.
_fbp: Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers
IDE: This domain is owned by Doubleclick (Google). The main business activity is: Doubleclick is Googles real time bidding advertising exchange
id: This domain is owned by Doubleclick (Google). The main business activity is: Doubleclick is Googles real time bidding advertising exchange
APISID: A cookie used by Google to display personalised advertisements on Google sites, based on recent searches and previous interactions.
SSID: A cookie used by Google to display personalised advertisements on Google sites, based on recent searches and previous interactions.
SID: A cookie used by Google to display personalised advertisements on Google sites, based on recent searches and previous interactions.
SAPISID: A cookie used by Google to collect information about how visitors use our Site.
HSID: A cookie used by Google to collect information about how visitors use our Site.
_gat_gtag_UA_106072257_2: A Google Analytics cookie used to keep a record of visitor statistics.
_gat_gtag_UA_106072257_3: A Google Analytics cookie used to keep a record of visitor statistics.
_cfduid: This cookie is used by the cookie compliance solution from OneTrust. It is set by the CloudFlare service to identify trusted web traffic. It does not correspond to any user id in the web application, nor does the cookie store any personally identifiable information. Click here for more information
AWSALB: These cookies are used by our chat provider Zendesk, which collects information like your IP address, location, browser type, platform, chat history, pages you visit during the chat session, chat start time, chat duration and how many times the user has visited. Additionally, if the visitor provides details of their name, email address and phone number, it will be saved on Zendesk. Zendesk continues to store these details according to their Privacy policy. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but the chat function our website will not then work. Source: https://imspeople.com/cookie-policy/
 
ITV cookies on the ITV Hub app (12)
Region Value: is used to remember the region in which you are located, which enables us to serve region specific content to you.
Last Watched Info: is used to remember the latest videos you watched on the app.
Progress through video: stores the position you watched up to on your device, so you can pick up from where you left off.
2 Hour Ad Rule: is used to ensure that you do not have to keep watching the same ad breaks if you close the app or rewind or fast-forward within a programme. This cookie is not used in the Android version of ITV Hub.
Feed Refresh: is used to refresh the application data feeds within the app to bring you the most recent content.
Guidance/PIN Settings: is used to remember your parental control preferences and encrypted PIN and email address so that once you have set your parental control preferences and/or PIN, we will remember your settings.
PIN Reset: enables us to reset your parental control PIN if you ask us to. This will use the information captured in the PIN Settings as described above.
Unique Identifier: is used to identify your device as a unique user of our services. This enables us to track collective usage of the app to learn about how our customers use the service. This is a generic ID that cannot be attributed directly to you but does enable us to track usage.
VisualOn cookies are used to support Hub playout in some versions of our Android app.
Fabric cookies are used to help track app crashes and errors to help us improve the apps performance in both the iOS and Android app.
UrbanAirship’s cookies are used to support push notifications in the ITV Hub app. These notifications allow us to tell viewers about new and returning shows they may be interested in, where they have opted-in to receiving notifications.
BC_BANDWIDTH: is a Brightcove cookie that detects bandwidth in order in order to manage progressive download of video to the user’s device.
 
ITV cookies on Connected TV - HTML app available on Samsung (2012+), Amazon Fire TV, Freeview Play, YouView and YouView / Sony devices, Xbox (9) 
UID / UIDR: unique user ID used to track video plays and allows ITV to generate an accurate picture of activity in our app.
itv-location: persists a user's broadcaster region. This data ensures that a user is associated with the correct local broadcaster (i.e. ITV, STV) and receives the correct programming for their geographic location.
itv-broadcaster: persists a user's broadcaster (i.e. ITV, STV). This ensures that users receive the correct programming for their geographic location.
itv-skip-location: persists a user's choice as to whether they want to see a location reminder message on starting the app, in the instance where a location has not been previously provided.
itv-greeted: indicates whether the user is launching the app for the first time so that the Hub knows whether or not to show the welcome screen.
tv-guid: is an anonymous device ID used only in aggregated form, and is mainly used for monitoring error messages.
itv-parental-controls: is used this to remember your parental control settings. This cookie is not used on YouView devices.
itv-productions: allows us to remember where in a programme you stopped watching, so we can let you resume from there. It also remembers what ad breaks you've watched so that we can administer our fair ad-policy.
itv-guidance-accepted: tells us that a user has seen the guidance pop-up, has confirmed their age and has accepted our terms and conditions.
 
ITV cookies on Connected TV – Now TV app (5) 
ITV/postcode: persists a user's broadcaster region. This data ensures that a user is associated with the correct local broadcaster (i.e. ITV, STV) and receives the correct programming for their geographic location. The broadcast region is derived when a full or partial postcode is entered on first launching the app. Postcode data is stored but is only used for the purposes of identifying a broadcast region.
ITV/pinEnabled: is used to remember if you've set up parental controls in the ITV app.
ITV/pinCode: allows us to remember your parental control code if it's set.
ITV/broadcaster: persists a user's broadcaster (i.e. ITV, STV). This ensures that users receive the correct programming for their geographic location.
ITV/r and ITV/rd: allow us to remember programmes you've stopped watching, so we can let you resume from there. It also remembers what ad breaks you've watched so that we can administer our fair ad-policy.
 
ITV cookies on Connected TV – Legacy AIR app (Samsung 2011 TVs) (2)
Region: stores the broadcaster region determined by entering your postcode.
Guidance: stores the user’s guidance status if the user has seen a guidance message. It also stores the user’s PIN, if one has been set.
 
ITV cookies on Connected TV – Legacy Freesat App (1)
We also use a cookie in the ITV Hub on Freesat. This cookie allows us to identify your Freesat device as a unique user of our services, so that we can track usage of the ITV Hub to learn about how our customers use the service. This is a generic ID that cannot be attributed directly to you personally. The cookie will not expire, and cannot be deleted or blocked.
 

ITV cookies set on the ITV Responsibility website (3)
itv.cookiepolicy: determines whether our cookie policy message has been accepted.
wordfence_verifiedHuman, wfvt_2519572663: Wordfence use cookies to: (1) uniquely identify visitors; (2) track a user who was previously logged into WordPress but has logged out to ensure that that they are not shown user cached pages; and (3) if a user has visited a unique page that allows them to bypass a country blocking a cookie, is set to identify that user so that country blocking does not prevent them from viewing the site.
_cfduid: is used to override security restrictions based on the IP address the user is coming from, where appropriate (for example, where the user’s device is known and trusted). It does not correspond to any user ID in the web application, nor does the cookie store any personally identifiable information.
 
ITV cookies set on the ITV competitions website (3)
bonus-modal: bonus modal hashed value (local storage)
image-modal: image modal hashed value (local storage)
phoneNumber: stores a user’s phone number only when remember me selected
 
ITV cookies on the ITV Choice website (4)
Timezone Preference: is written automatically when a user visits the site for the first time, based on the location we detect for them (which is, in turn, based on their IP address). It is then changed whenever they choose a different location from the selector.
prevcountrycod: this cookie stores the location of the previous timezone selected by the user if this has been changed.
Session: is a standard cookie that identifies the user to the server and does not persist once the browser is closed.
X-Mapping-fjhppofk: is used for load balancing,i.e. it ties the visitor to the specific server (amongst several back up/load balancers) which delivered content.
 

THIRD PARTY COOKIES
ComScore cookies (2)
ns_cookietest,ns_session:
 
Google Analytics cookies (8)
_utma, _utmz, _utmb, _utmc, _utmt, _ga, _gat, _gid
 
SAS cookies (2) 
MID, HINT
 
Quantcast cookies (1) 
_qca
 
Doubleclick cookies (?) 
Doubleclick (part of Google) uses cookies and IP address analysis to identify unique users of our website (through the collection of non-personally identifiable information) and to track the conversion rates for particular advertising campaigns, to help serve advertisements which are of particular relevance to you, and to control the frequency with which particular advertisements are displayed to our users.
 
Innovid Cookies (?)
Innovid use cookies to track the reach and frequency of advertising campaigns.
 
Local Storage cookies (1) 
has_had_free_trial (localStorage and sessionStorage)
 
Mediaplex (now Conversant) cookies (?)
Conversant uses cookies to help serve advertisements which are of particular relevance to you, to measure the reach of particular advertising campaigns and to control the frequency with which particular advertisements are served to users of our website.
 
Mediamind cookies (?) 
Mediamind use cookies to help serve advertisements which are of particular relevance to you, to measure the reach of particular advertising campaigns, to control the frequency with which particular advertisements are served to users of our website, to recognise when a particular user has opted out from the use of cookies and to measure how many of our users see the advertisements served.
 
Flashtalking cookies (?) 
Flashtalking uses cookies to track the conversion rates for particular advertising campaigns, to help serve advertisements which are of particular relevance to you and to measure how many of our users see the advertisements served.
 
Broadcasters' Audience Research Board (BARB) and Kantar Media cookies (1) 
i00
 
Adobe Site Catalyst cookies (3) 
s_sq, s_cc, s_c4
 
YouTube cookies (7) 
demographics, dkv, s_tempdata-1666356427, VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE, recently_watched_video_id_list, use_hitbox, ACTIVITY, PREF
 
PayPal cookies (?) 
The websites itv.com/comps and itvboxoffice.com provide you with the option of paying via PayPal. PayPal uses cookies when you visit or interact with its sites, services, applications, tools or messaging. PayPal may use cookies, web beacons, and other similar technologies for storing information to help provide you with a better, faster, and safer experience and for advertising purposes.
 
Pay and Shop Limited (trading as Realex) cookies (1) 
JSESSIONID
 
Apple (App Store service) (?) 
The App Store uses cookies on iOS devices to enable subscriptions to our Hub+ service and also to publish the iOS Hub app.
 
Tapad cookies (1) 
Tapad_DID
 


