Privacy Policy – Effective Date June 20, 2019
Finland Today website (referred to as ‘website’) is managed by Finland Today (referred to as “we”) located in Finland.
Finland Today is considered the ‘data controller’ within the meaning of the applicable data protection legislation (Wet bescherming persoonsgegevens). The Dutch data protection authority (College Bescherming Personnsgegevens) has been notified of the processing of personal data as undertaken by us and described in this document.
Information collection and processing purposes
During general browsing, we gather information from standard server logs. These include your IP (Internet Protocol) address, domain name, browser type, operating system and information such as the website that referred you to us, the files you downloaded, the pages you visit and the dates/times of those visits.
Only logged in users can post a comment. While signing up for a membership we store your email address, name and username. This information is collected with your knowledge and permission and is kept in Finland Today’s database.
The website sets a cookie. A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent from the web server to your browser. It is normally used to assign a unique identification to your computer and securely store information such as user IDs, passwords, preferences and online profiles. It is stored on the hard drive of your computer.
By setting this cookie, the website will remember your details the next time you visit, so you don’t have to re-enter the information when you post a comment, for example. This helps us to provide you with a better service.
We use your browsing history on our site and your general location (region). We will also store data about your device and browser to recognize returning visitors.
We show you advertisements from ad networks. Your browsing history aims to make advertisements relevant to your interests.
We show social networking sharing buttons and widgets from Facebook, Twitter, WhatsApp and Telegram on our website to help you easily share Finland Today’s articles with friends. This social networking sharing buttons and widgets come from web servers, which may track your behavior and may combine this with information about you from visiting other websites.
We also gather information automatically about website visitors to help us maintain and improve the design and the user experience of our website. We use Google Analytics to gather this data and analyze it.
Questions regarding the processing of your information and your rights
We do not sell or share any personally identifiable information volunteered on the website to any third party without prior consent. Any information provided to Finland Today by users of the website is held with the utmost care and security, and will not be used in ways other than as set forth in this privacy policy, or in any site-specific policies, or in ways to which you have explicitly consented.
Finland Today employs a range of techniques and security measures to protect the information maintained on our system from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration, or destruction. However, Finland Today assumes no responsibility for the security of information.
 
The website contains links to sites external to the finlandtoday.fi domain. Finland Today is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such sites.
 
Review of and questions regarding the privacy policy
This privacy policy is reviewed on a regular basis. So please regularly check our website to find our latest version of the privacy policy. If you have any questions relating to this policy, please contact us.
 

