Privacy and Cookies
DJ Murphy (Publishers) Ltd. Privacy Policy
 
Privacy & Cookies Policy 
This Privacy & Cookies Policy sets out how DJ Murphy (Publishers) Ltd uses and protects any information that you give us when you use this website and the ways in which you can influence this. This Privacy & Cookies Policy relates to all websites operated by DJ Murphy (Publishers) Ltd.
 
DJ Murphy (Publishers) Ltd. is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected and therefore should we ask you to provide any information by which you can be identified when using this website, you can be assured that it will be only used in accordance with this privacy statement.
 
DJ Murphy (Publishers) Ltd. will collect information about you through your use of our websites to process your requests and orders, to provide a more personalised web-surfing and shopping experience and to help us improve the services we offer. In doing this we may also collect information about you through the use of cookies and similar technologies. DJ Murphy (Publishers) Ltd will be the Data Controller of any personal data we collect from you.
 
What information do we collect about you? 
DJ Murphy (Publishers) Ltd websites allow you to:
Order products from our shop, enter competitions, subscribe to our publications and/or newsletters, vote in polls, play games, complete surveys and apply for current vacancies.
 
In order to process your requests and orders and other activities, it may be necessary to collect personal information about you. This includes, but is not limited to: your name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, credit/debit card information. You may also be asked to provide additional (non-mandatory) pieces of information for our research purposes or choose to provide information by making a posting on social media or opting in to our newsletter.
 
In addition, we may collect technical information about your device such as your unique device ID as well as information about your visits to and your activity on our websites including the content (and any advertisements) that you view and interact with, the address of the website from which you
 
arrived and other clickstream behaviour (such as the pages you view, the links you click or which items you have added to your shopping basket, the length of your internet session, your IP address and the approximate location at the time of browsing). Some of this information is collected using cookies or similar technologies. To learn more about these technologies and your choices, go to the section on ‘Cookies’ below.
 
How will we use the information about you? 
We will use the information you provide to us to process your orders and requests so we can dispatch goods. We may also use your contact information to communicate with you directly, for example to notify you in the event you have won a competition or to contact you in relation to an order you have placed with us.
 
We will use the information we automatically collect about you to analyse web usage and compile aggregate statistics about our users.
 
If you have opted in to receive our email newsletter, this will be emailed to you with details of exclusive news, offers and competitions. From time to time we may allow third parties to utilise our newsletter database to send out details of their own offers and competitions but this will be handled by DJ Murphy (Publishers) Ltd. without giving third parties direct access to any information that will allow you to be identified.
 
What will we disclose to third parties? 
We may share your personal data across our related magazine brands.
 
We may also pass your personal information to third parties to enable them to process an order or service; to supply you with a prize in the event you win a competition; or in order to obtain professional advice. Any third parties employed by us to process your data on our behalf are subject to contractual obligations to protect the security of your data in accordance with the terms of this Privacy & Cookies Policy.
 
We may provide aggregate information to advertisers and our business partners, including information relating to sales and web-usage, to enable us to sell advertising and monitor the efficacy of our business partnerships.
 
DJ Murphy (Publishers) Ltd reserves the right to disclose personal information in order to comply with the law, applicable regulations and government requests. We also reserve the right to use such information in order to protect our operating systems and integrity as well as other users.
 
Advertising & Marketing 
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties. Where we have the appropriate permissions, we will use your information to market and advertise products and services from DJ Murphy (Publishers) Ltd.
 
If you have opted-in for third party information, we may use your personal information to send you promotional material about third party products and services that we think would be of interest to you including third party offers, advertisements, competitions, by email or online.
 
You may request details of the personal information which we hold under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee is payable and if you would like a copy then please write to us at Marlborough House, Headley Road, Grayshott, Surrey. GU26 6LG
 
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incomplete or incorrect then please write to us at the above address and we will promptly correct any information as required.
 
Other Websites 
Please note that clicking on links and advertisements on our websites may result in you being transferred to another website. However once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have control over the privacy policy of any other website. If transferred to another site you should consult their privacy policy as we are not responsible for, and have no control over, information that is submitted to or collected by these third parties.
 
How do we protect your information? 
Once we have received your data we will ensure that it is treated with the utmost respect and in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 and any applicable regulations. Your data will be stored on our secure server within the UK. We follow strict security procedures in order that the data we collect is stored and disclosed appropriately and securely. Unfortunately the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although DJ Murphy (Publishers) Ltd will do its best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk.
 
Controlling your personal information 
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
1. Ignoring the option to tick an opt in box when you are asked to give us your information
2. If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information, you can change your mind at any time, see ‘opting out’ below.
 
Opting out 
If you would prefer not to receive direct marketing communications, simply let us know at any time by writing to the Marketing Manager at DJ Murphy (Publishers) Ltd, Marlborough House, Headley Road, Grayshott, Surrey. GU26 6LG or by emailing us catchall@djmurphy.co.uk with the subject line “Privacy”, or by following the opt-out instructions in the relevant communication.
 
You can also make choices about the use of cookies. For more information about this, please refer to our section on ‘Cookies’ below.
 
What are cookies and how we use them? 
A cookie is a small text file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allows web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
 
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us to analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We will only use this information for statistical analysis purposes.
 
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
 
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can modify our browser setting to
 
decline cookies if you prefer. This may however prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
 
Cookies are typically classified as either “session cookies” which do not stay on your device after you close your browser or “persistent cookies” which will usually remain on your device until you delete them or they expire.
 
If you have any other queries about our use of cookies, you can contact us at Marlborough House, Headley Road, Grayshott, Surrey. GU26 6LG

