Information We Collect About You
You can use this tool to change your cookies preferences at any time or to reject all cookies. VICE uses cookies and similar tracking technologies on our websites to improve the user experience, personalise content and ads, provide social media features, and to analyse our traffic as outlined below. VICE also uses cookies to serve personalised ads on third-party websites within the Vice Digital Network. All information may be shared with social media services, advertisers, analytics and other third-party service providers. For more information about how VICE uses cookies, please go to our Cookies Policy. For general information about how VICE processes personal information, please go to our Privacy Policy.
 
Information storage and access
The storage of information, or access to information that is already stored, on your device such as advertising identifiers, device identifiers, cookies, and similar technologies.
 
 
Personalisation
The collection and processing of information about your use of this service to subsequently personalise advertising and/or content for you in other contexts, such as on other websites or apps, over time. Typically, the content of the site or app is used to make inferences about your interests, which inform future selection of advertising and/or content.
 
Ad selection, delivery, reporting
The collection of information, and combination with previously collected information, to select and deliver advertisements for you, and to measure the delivery and effectiveness of such advertisements. This includes using previously collected information about your interests to select ads, processing data about what advertisements were shown, how often they were shown, when and where they were shown, and whether you took any action related to the advertisement, including for example clicking an ad or making a purchase. This does not include personalisation, which is the collection and processing of information about your use of this service to subsequently personalise advertising and/or content for you in other contexts, such as websites or apps, over time.
 
 
Content selection, delivery, reporting
The collection of information, and combination with previously collected information, to select and deliver content for you, and to measure the delivery and effectiveness of such content. This includes using previously collected information about your interests to select content, processing data about what content was shown, how often or how long it was shown, when and where it was shown, and whether the you took any action related to the content, including for example clicking on content. This does not include personalisation, which is the collection and processing of information about your use of this service to subsequently personalise content and/or advertising for you in other contexts, such as websites or apps, over time.
 
 
Measurement
The collection of information about your use of the content, and combination with previously collected information, used to measure, understand, and report on your usage of the service. This does not include personalisation, the collection of information about your use of this service to subsequently personalise content and/or advertising for you in other contexts, i.e. on other service, such as websites or apps, over time.
 
 
Essential
Essential Cookies enable you to navigate the Site and to use its services and features. Without these necessary Cookies, the Site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like it to and we may not be able to provide the Site or certain services or features.
 
 
 
 

