Privacy Statement
Hi-Torque Publications is highly sensitive to the privacy interests of consumers and believes that the protection of those interests is one of its most significant responsibilities.
 
Cookie Policy
Hi-Torque Publications (“us”, “we”, or “our”) uses cookies on the https://allhitorquesites.com website (the “Service”). By using the Service, you consent to the use of cookies.
Our Cookies Policy explains what cookies are, how we use cookies, how third-parties we may partner with may use cookies on the Service, your choices regarding cookies and further information about cookies.
 
What are cookies
Cookies are small pieces of text sent to your web browser by a website you visit. A cookie file is stored in your web browser and allows the Service or a third-party to recognize you and make your next visit easier and the Service more useful to you.
 
Cookies can be “persistent” or “session” cookies. Persistent cookies remain on your personal computer or mobile device when you go offline, while session cookies are expired after 20 minutes of inactivity or after exit the Service.
 
How Hi-Torque Publications uses cookies
When you use and access the Service, we may place a number of cookies files in your web browser.
 
We use cookies for the following purposes:
To enable certain functions of the Service
To provide analytics
 
We use both session and persistent cookies on the Service and we use different types of cookies to run the Service:
 
Essential cookies. We may use essential cookies to authenticate users and prevent fraudulent use of user accounts.
Analytics cookies. We may use analytics cookies to track information how the Service is used so that we can make improvements. We may also use analytics cookies to test new advertisements, pages, features or new functionality of the Service to see how our users react to them.
 
Third-party cookies
In addition to our own cookies, we may also use various third-parties cookies to report usage statistics of the Service, deliver advertisements on and through the Service, and so on.
 
What are your choices regarding cookies
If you’d like to delete cookies or instruct your web browser to delete or refuse cookies, please visit the help pages of your web browser.
 
Please note, however, that if you delete cookies or refuse to accept them, you might not be able to use all of the features we offer, you may not be able to store your preferences, and some of our pages might not display properly.
 
For the Chrome web browser, please visit this page from Google: https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/32050
 
For the Internet Explorer web browser, please visit this page from Microsoft: http://support.microsoft.com/kb/278835
 
For the Firefox web browser, please visit this page from Mozilla: https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/delete-cookies-remove-info-websites-stored
 
For the Safari web browser, please visit this page from Apple: https://support.apple.com/kb/PH21411?locale=en_US
 
For any other web browser, please visit your web browser’s official web pages.
 
Where can you find more information about cookies
You can learn more about cookies and the following third-party websites:
 
AllAboutCookies: http://www.allaboutcookies.org/
Network Advertising Initiative: http://www.networkadvertising.org/
 
In acknowledgment of its obligations, Hi-Torque Publications has adopted the following Privacy Policy applicable to information about consumers that it acquires in the course of its business:
 
1. Acquisition of Information. We do not acquire any more information about consumers than is required by law or is otherwise necessary to provide a high level of service efficiently and securely.
 
2. Our Employees and Privacy. We train all of our employees about the importance of privacy. We give access to information about consumers only to those employees who require it to perform their jobs.
 
3. Security Measures. We make access to privacy-sensitive information subject to rigorous procedural and technological controls, consistent with legal requirements and the demands of customer service.
 
4. Disclosure to Third Parties. We will provide individually-identifiable information about consumers to third parties only if we are compelled to do so by order of a duly-empowered governmental authority, we have the express permission of the consumer, or it is necessary to process transactions and provide our services.
 
5. Privacy and Our Business Partners. When we make our technology or services available to business partners, we will not share with them any more consumer information than is necessary, and we will make every reasonable effort to assure, by contract or otherwise, that they use our technology and services in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Questions. If you have questions about this privacy policy, please send an e-mail to carl@hi-torque.com.
 

