Before you continue...
HuffPost is now part of the Oath family. We (Oath) and our partners need your consent to access your device, set cookies, and use your data, including your location, to understand your interests, provide relevant ads and measure their effectiveness. Oath will also provide relevant ads to you on our partners' products. Learn More
Select 'OK' to allow Oath and our partners to use your data, or 'Manage options' to review our partners and your choices. Tip: Sign In to save these choices and avoid repeating this across devices. You can always update your preferences in the Privacy Centre.
 
 
Manage options
Øverst i skjemaet
To continue using HuffPost and other Oath sites and apps, we need you to let us set cookies to collect your data. This helps us improve and create new products, enhance our product security, and give you personalised content and ads. Learn More about how we use your data.
Scroll down and select 'OK' to proceed, otherwise you will not be able to access our sites and apps.
Below, you can further customise what data you share to personalise your experience across our network.
Get personalised ads from our trusted partners
Manage
This doesn't mean more ads, it means personalised ones. When you let our partners use cookies to collect similar data that we do on our sites, they can provide you with ads that match your interests, like deals related to products you love, and understand your interactions with them. Select 'Manage' to customise how our partners use your data.
 
 
Nederst i skjemaet
Our partners
Oath works with partners to bring you relevant ads and provide a better overall experience. These partners may access your device to collect data for ad selection, delivery and measurement. You have the following choices about how these partners use your data. You can always change your choices by visiting the "Partners" tab in our Privacy Dashboard.
See how partners use your data. Show
See and customise which partners can use your data. Show
 
Foundational partners IAB Partners
Oath works with select partners that process your data to provide significant functionality for our products and services. For more information about these partners, and to understand and manage their use of your data, see:
 
 
The below partners participate in the Interactive Advertising Bureau's Transparency and Consent Framework (TCF). Turn 'ON' the toggles to enable these partners to use your data as described above or 'OFF' if you wish to limit their use of your data. Please note, some partners require you to make choices directly through their Privacy Policy to limit their use of your data as identified by the "Requires opt-outs" notification below.
 
Visit the following industry links to opt-out of personalised advertising from those third parties who are members of the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA), Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) or Network Advertising Initiative (NAI).
 

