Privacy policy
This website uses cookies. By using this website and agreeing to this policy, you consent to NLTimes's use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy.
 
Cookies are files sent by web servers to web browsers, and stored by the web browsers. The information is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. This enables a web server to identify and track web browsers.
 
There are two main kinds of cookies: session cookies and persistent cookies. Session cookies are deleted from your computer when you close your browser, whereas persistent cookies remain stored on your computer until deleted, or until they reach their expiry date.
 
Cookies on our website
NLTimes uses the following cookies on this website, for the following purposes:
 
Advertisement cookies
NLTimes shows advertisements (banner ads) as a means of income. The networks that deliver the ads place cookies in order to customize the advertisements to your personal preferences. These cookies are placed by Improve Digital, AppNexus and AdSense.
 
Google cookies
NLTimes uses Google Analytics to analyze the use of this website. Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies, which are stored on users’ computers. The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of the website. Google will store and use this information. Google’s privacy policy is available at:.
 
Sharing Cookies
NLTimes allows you to share pages on this website through social networks. The widgets that enable this use cookies for this functionality.
 
Refusing cookies
Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept any cookies.
Internet Explorer
In Internet Explorer, you can refuse all cookies by clicking “Tools”, “Internet Options”, “Privacy”, and selecting “Block all cookies” using the sliding selector.
 
Chrome
In Chrome, click the Chrome menu on the browser toolbar, select Settings and click Show advanced settings. In the “Privacy” section, click the Content settings button. In the “Cookies” section, you can change settings to block all cookies or just third party cookies.
 
Firefox
In Firefox, you can adjust your cookies settings by clicking “Tools”, “Options” and “Privacy”.
 

