Welcome to www.surinenglish.com y Comeresa Prensa, S.L.U.!
×
 
Privacy and cookies
This website page uses Cookies to improve and optimize the user experience. You will find detailed information about what ‘Cookies’ are, which type this website page uses, how to disable them on your browser and how to block particularly third parties Cookies installation.
 
What is a Cookie and how do Vocento website pages use them?
Cookies are the name for files which some website pages or apps place on your browser or the device you use (Smartphone, tablet o smartTV), to store information about your visit. As the most of website pages on internet, Vocento websites use Cookies in order to:
Ensure that the websites work properly
Store your preferences, e.g. the language you have chosen or the font size.
Know your browsing experience.
Collect encrypted anonymous information, such as which websites you have visited or how long you have been through our media
 
The use of Cookies allows us to optimize your browsing, adapting the information and the services offered to your interests, to provide you with a better experience whenever you visit us. For this purpose, the information we collect by the cookies is analyzed by the website responsible and by Comeresa Prensa, S.L.U., which is the company of Vocento group -group to which the Website also belongs- responsible for managing services common to all other companies. Vocento website pages use Cookies in order to work, adapt and make the user browsing as easy as possible.
 
The Cookies are associated only to an anonymous user and its device and they don’t supply references which allow us to know personal data. At any time you can change your website browser settings to accept or reject cookies which are sent by Vocento website pages, without stopping access to content, except the cookies with are essential for the provision of the service, without them the website can’t work properly. Please bear in mind that if cookies are not enabled on your computer, the quality of the services or their availability can be affected.
 
The users who have filled in the registration process or have logged in with their access data may go to personalized services tailored to their preferences, according to the personal information provided at the time of the registration and stored on her browser’s cookies.
 
The email marketing tools of Vocento use tiny invisible images which are included in the emails. This technology allows us to know if an email have been read or not, when, the IP address from which it has been consulted, etc. With this information, we develop statistical and analytical surveys about the sending and receiving of emails, to improve the offer of services to which the user is subscribed and offer information which can be interesting for them.
 
Why are cookies so important?
From a technical point of view, they allow the websites to work easily and adapted to the user preferences, such as storing the language, the currency of the country or detecting the device.
They stablish level of protection and security that prevent or complicate cyberattacks against the website or its users.
They allow media managers to know statistical data collected in cookies to improve the quality and experience of their services.
They help to optimize the marketing content we show you, offering you the most relevant for your interests.
 
Different types of Cookies we use in Vocento
Session, they expire when the user logs out the website or closes the browser. They are activated while you are on the website and they are erased when you log out.
Permanent cookies expire when the purpose they serve is fulfilled or when they are manually deleted, they have deletion date and they are normally used in the online purchase process, personalization or registration in order to avoid having to enter your password constantly. On the other hand, we can distinguish between own Cookies and third-party cookies, depending on the entity which manages the equipment or site from which cookies are sent and treat the data collected.
Own cookies are those which are sent to your computer and managed only by us to the best working of the website. The information we collect is used to improve the quality of our service and your experience as a user.
If you interact with our website content, third party cookies can be set (e.g.: when you click social media buttons or display videos hosted in another website), which are those set by a different domain from our website. We can’t access to collected data in other websites cookies when you are browsing through those websites.
 
Browsing through this website means that the following types of cookies can be installed:
 
PERFORMANCE
This type of cookies are used to improve your browsing experience and optimize the function of our websites. They store your settings in order to remember your preferences when you return to our website
 
Examples of use:
Volume settings of video or sound players. Optimal
Video transmission speeds.
Contents tailored to your browsing.
Easy to viralize the content of your preference.
Store the purchase made in a ‘shopping bag’ in e-commerce services.
 
Third party services:
Brightcove Inc.
Outbrain
ExpressionEngine, EllisLab Inc.
Magento, ebay Inc.
Addthis
 
GEOLOCATION
These cookies are used to store geolocation data of the device in order to offer you properly content and services.
 
Examples of use
Content tailored to the country, city, language, etc.
 
REGISTRATION
They are set when you register or log in your session in one of our websites.
 
Examples of use:
You can stay logged in even if you close the browser, so when you return you continue identified unless you log out or close the session.
To access certain areas of our websites, e.g. to participate in a quiz.
 
Third party services:
Gigya Inc.
 
ANALYTICS
This Cookies collect information about your browsing experience through our websites in an anonymous way. – We can count the number of visitors to the site or the most viewed content.
 
Examples of use:
We can know if the user who is accessing is new or repeat visit.
This information can help us to improve the browsing and offer a better service.
 
Third party services:
ComScore Inc.
Charbeat
Evolok
Google Analytics
Digital Analytics
Crazy Egg
Scorecard Research Beacon
Finect
Qualifio
Adobe Analytics-Omniture
 
ADVERTISING
These cookies collect information about ads viewed to each anonymous user in the websites - To adapt advertising to the type of device from which the user is connecting.
 
Examples of use:
To provide ads managed through third party (Ad-servers) that are displayed on the page in real time.
To know information about results of campaigns such as the number of clicks, duration, frequency of viewing, etc.
To offer you advertising of interest based on your browsing habits.
 
Third party services:
Doubleclick (Google, Inc.)
Sizmek
Weborama
Adform
Teads
SalesForce DMP
Sonobi
 
Some Vocento services can use links with several social media: Facebook, Twitter, Google+, LInkedin, etc. When you use social registry, you authorized social media to store a persistent cookie. This cookie remembers your identification in the service making access much faster in next visits. This cookie can be deleted, and in addiction, you can cancel the access permissions to Vocento services from the privacy settings of the specific social media.
 
How to manage Cookies
By browsing and continuing on our website, you will be consenting to the use of Cookies in the conditions in this Cookies Policy. Vocento provides access to this Cookies Policy at the moment of registration in order that the user is informed and notwithstanding he may exercises his right to block, delete and reject the use of Cookies at any time.
 
Anyway we inform you that since Cookies are not necessary to the use of our website, you can block or disable them by activating your browser settings, which allow you to refuse the installation of all the cookies or some of them.
 
The majority of browsers allow to warn of the presence of Cookies or refuse them automatically. If you reject them, you can continue using our website, although the use of some services can be limited, and therefore your experience in our website can be less satisfactory.
 
Next we indicate you the links of the main browsers and devices so that you have all the information to consult how to manage the cookies in your browser.
 
For further information about Opera™ click here
For further information about Android™ click here
For further information about Windows Phone™ click here
For further information about Blackberry™ click here
For further information about Google Chrome™ click here
For further information about Internet Explorer click here
For further information about Mozilla Firefox™ click here
For further information about Safari™ click here
 
If you would like additional information about how to set up detailed Cookies by supplier or to manage your preferences, visit the website: Your Online Choices.
 
 
Do we update our Cookies Policy?
We may update the Cookies Policy of our website, so we recommend you review this policy every time you access our website in order to be properly informed about how and why we use cookies.
 
The Cookies policy was updated for the last time on 25/05/2018.
 
What are the purposes of the cookies we use to personalize your browsing in terms of content, services and advertising?
Access and storage of data: Have access to non-sensitive information of your device and be able to store it, such as advertising identifiers or other identifiers of the device, including cookies or similar technologies.
 
Personalization: - Know the contents which interest you and process it in order to personalize your experience with us and to look for advertising campaigns or services which can be based on your interests.
 
Advertising: Targeting, results and operations: Register your interactions with advertising in order to be able to report results to advertisers and optimize campaigns in the future. This includes being able to register the campaigns you have seen, and with which you have interacted (e.g. with a click or ending in a purchase).
 
Contents: Targeting, results and optimization: Register your interactions with the content in order to be able to follow up on the content or service proposal that we offer you and the product improvements.
 
Measurement: collect information on the use of content and combination with previous information with the sole purpose of measuring and analyzing the consumption of content and services.
 

