Your Privacy
When you visit our web site, we may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalised web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, if you disable the use of cookies in your browser, it may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
 
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. These are used to let you login, to ensure site security and to provide shopping cart functionality. Without this type of technology, our Services won't work properly or won't be able to provide certain features and functionalities.
 
 
Performance Cookies
ActivePerformance Cookies
These cookies are used to analyse how visitors use a website, for instance which pages visitors visit most often, in order to provide a better user experience. We also use this technology to check if you have opened our emails, so we can see if they are being delivered correctly and are of interest.
 
Personalisation Cookies
ActivePersonalisation Cookies
These cookies are used to remember choices you have made such as language or region, and to provide personalized content recommendations.
 
Advertising Cookies
ActiveAdvertising Cookies
These cookies are used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement, or to customize advertising across our Services and make it more relevant to you and to allow us to measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns and track whether ads have been properly displayed.
 
Social Media Cookies
ActiveSocial Media Cookies
These cookies are used by social media services to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. These cookies may track your browser across other sites and build a profile of your interests, which may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit.
