
Information on data processing in Polish News Bulletin Company Sp. z o.o.



1. 	Who is the Controller of your personal data?

The controller of your personal data is Polish News Bulletin Company Spółka z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością, ul. Hrubieszowska 6a, 01-209 Warszawa, NIP: 526-24-05-752, Regon: 014988785, KRS: 0000142563, Sąd Rejonowy dla m. st. Warszawy w Warszawie, XII Wydział Gospodarczy KRS, Kapitał Zakładowy: 1 000 000,00 PLN., tel. kontaktowy: 22 160 51 20. Controller designated a person who will fulfil the duties of the data protection officer. The contact with this person is possible by e-mail address: maja.iwaszkiewicz@newtonmedia.pl


2. 	Why does the Controller process your data?

The Controller processes your personal data for the following purposes: collecting data on our website, especially about users activities on our website, preparing the statistics on our website, especially about the visit of the end users. Our processing is based on the following basis:

a) 	Article 6 section 1 letter a of GDPR when you are using our Internet website, where we collect the cookie files. The purpose of our activity is to adapt our website to individual preferences of our website users and prepare the statistics on users activity on it.


 
3. 	What rights are connected with processing of my personal data:

a) 	The right to rectification – you may send us a statement on your data whenever it is inaccurate;


b)	The right to access to your personal data – you have an access to your personal data, that we process;


c) 	The right to erasure – if in your opinion we do not have grounds to process your personal data, you may request from us to erase them;


d)	Right to data portability – you may request from us to send your personal data to another data controller;


e) 	Right to restriction of processing – you may request from us to restrict the processing of your personal data, when you consider that we do not have the accurate information on you, we process the data without legal bases and you don’t want us to erase your data, because you need them to establish, exercise or defend your legal claims or you have objected the processing, and we must check whether we have the rights to process your personal data. Restriction of processing means, that we shall process your data on purpose of storage or we shall process the data specifically following actions, that you’ve approved.


f) 	Right to object – if we process your personal data, the processing is based on our legitimate interest, then you have the right to object to our processing if you consider that our interests are overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of yours. If we process the data for the marketing purposes, after we obtain your objection, we can’t process your data for this purpose anymore.


4. 	Do I have to consent to processing of my personal data?

Neither legal nor natural person may demand from you to consent to your personal data processing. You consent is always submitting to us freely. Whenever is our processing based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent, however it doesn’t negate legality of the processing that occurred before that action. Not giving the consent to the processing may lead to consequences like not reaching the purpose of the processing.


 
5. 	What are the data that we collect?

In the sphere of Controller activities we process the IP addresses, which were used during visiting our website.


 
6. 	Who is the recipient of your personal data?

Your personal data are not made by us available to reach by other data controller. However we may make them available to reach by processor we cooperate with, especially by  processors that provide us with the IT services.


 
7. 	Are my personal data engaged in cross border processing?

No, your personal data are not engaged in cross-border processing.


 
8. 	How long the Controller shall process your personal data?

Time in which we process your personal data depends on legal basis of the processing. For the purpose of running Internet website we, we process your data until you withdraw your consent to processing or to the time we shall create the statistics on our Internet website.


 
9. 	Do I have the right to obtain the assistance from the supervisory authorities with regard to the processing?

You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, whenever you consider, that we process your data without legal purposes.



10.  Does automated decision making occur in controllers activities?

No, we do not use automated decision making in our activities. We also do not do profiling, which would result in automated decision making.
 

