Terms of Use
These Terms of Use and govern your use of Science X and its network ('Science X'), including its websites (phys.org, medicalxpress.com, techxplore.com), any subdomains of those websites, mobile sites, apps, and APIs.           	        	
 
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SITE.
Access to and use of this site is provided by the Science X subject to the following terms:        	
By using Science X you agree to be legally bound by these terms, which shall take effect immediately on your first use of Science X. If you do not agree to be legally bound by all the following terms please do not access and/or use Science X.         	
        	
The Science X may change these terms at any time by posting changes online. Please review these terms regularly to ensure you are aware of any changes made by the Science X. Your continued use of Science X after changes are posted means you agree to be legally bound by these terms as updated and/or amended.    	
        	        	
Use of Science X
You may not copy, reproduce, republish, download, post, broadcast, transmit, make available to the public, or otherwise use Science X content in any way except for your own personal, non-commercial use. You also agree not to adapt, alter or create a derivative work from any Science X content except for your own personal, non-commercial use.
        	
Students, teachers and professors are free to use, reproduce articles and copy Science X content for academic purposes without obtaining prior written approval. The only request is users shall provide a credit and source URL link of the original Science X article.  Any other use of Science X content requires the prior written       	permission of the Science X. If you would like to request permission to use any of the content on our sites,  please review our.       	
        	                   	        	
Our site contains content that we create as well as content provided by third parties. This content includes, among other things, product reviews and services offered by parties other than Science X.  We do not guarantee the accuracy, the integrity, or the quality of the content on our sites, and you may not rely on any of this content.  	 Without limitation, we are not responsible for postings by users in the user opinion, message board, or feedback sections of our sites.
        	
You may be exposed to content that you find offensive, indecent, or objectionable or that is inaccurate, and you bear all risks associated with using that content. We have the right, but not the obligation, to remove any content that may, in our sole discretion, violate these Terms or that is otherwise objectionable. 	
        	
You agree to use Science X only for lawful purposes, and in a way that does not infringe the rights of,  restrict or inhibit anyone else's use and enjoyment of Science X. Prohibited behavior includes harassing or causing distress or inconvenience to any person, transmitting obscene or offensive content or disrupting the normal flow of dialogue within Science X.     	
        	        	
Age requirement for Science X Account
        	
Due to the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998, Science X Account is available only for individuals who are over thirteen (13) years of age. Science X is relying on your representation that you are at least 13 years of age. Children under the age of 13 may not sign up for Science X Account and parents or legal guardians may not enter into to this Agreement on their behalf.        	
        	        	
Disclaimers and Limitation of Liability
        	
While Science X tries hard to ensure that these websites are functioning correctly and are as accurate as possible,   this will not always be achievable and therefore the following disclaimer applies.  	
        	
Science X content, including the information, names, images, pictures, logos and icons regarding or relating to the Science X, its products and services (or to third party products and services), is provided "AS IS" and on an "IS AVAILABLE" basis without any representations or any kind of warranty made.  
        	
Science X does not guarantee or represent that the content and/or facilities available or accessible via these websites will always be accurate, complete or current or that access to the websites will be uninterrupted.   
        	
Science X expressly disclaims all liability for any direct, indirect or consequential loss or damage occasioned from the use or inability to use these websites, whether directly or indirectly resulting from inaccuracies, defects, viruses, errors - whether typographical or otherwise, omissions, out of date information or otherwise.
        	
Accessing these websites and the downloading of material from them is done entirely at the user's own risk.         	The user, and not Science X, will be entirely responsible for any resulting damage to software or computer systems and/or any resulting loss of data even if Science X has been advised of the possibility of such damage.        	
        	
Science X makes no representations whatsoever about any third party websites which you may access. When you access a third party website via this website, please understand that it is independent from Science X, and that Science X has no control over the content on that website. In addition, a link from this website to a third party website does not mean that we endorse or accept responsibility for the content, the privacy practices, or the use of such website. It is up to you to take precautions to ensure that whatever you access is free of items such as viruses, worms, Trojan horses and other items of a destructive nature.      	
        	
We have the right, but not the obligation, to take any of the following actions in our sole discretion at any time and for any reason without giving you any prior notice:
        	
Restrict, suspend, or terminate your access to all or any part of our Services;      	
Change, suspend, or discontinue all or any part of our Services;    	
Refuse, move, or remove any material that you submit to our sites for any reason;        	
Refuse, move, or remove any content that is available on our sites;  
Deactivate or delete your accounts and all related information and files in your account;        	
Establish general practices and limits concerning use of our sites. 	
        	        	
Medical disclaimer
        	
Information provided on Science X is for educational and informational purposes only and may not be construed as medical advice.  Please refer to the full text of the.
        	        	        	
Intellectual property
        	
The names, images and logos identifying the Science X or third parties and        	their products and services are subject to copyright, design rights and trade marks of the Science X and/or third parties. Nothing contained in these terms shall be construed as conferring by implication, estoppel or otherwise any licence or right to use any trademark,   	patent, design right or copyright of the Science X or any other third party.
        	
Contributions to Science X
        	
Where you are invited to submit any contribution to Science X (including any text, photographs, graphics, video or audio) you agree, by submitting your contribution, to grant the Science X a perpetual, royalty-free, non-exclusive, sub-licenseable right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform, play, make available to the public,     	and exercise all copyright and publicity rights with respect to your contribution worldwide and/or to incorporate your contribution in other works in any media now known or later developed for the full term of any rights that may exist in your contribution, and in accordance with privacy restrictions set out in the Science X's. If you do not want to grant to the Science X the rights set out above, please do not submit your contribution to Science X.
        	
Further, by submitting your contribution to Science X, you:   
warrant that your contribution:
is your own original work and that you have the right to make it available to the Science X for all the purposes specified above;
is not defamatory; and does not infringe any law; and  indemnify the Science X against all legal fees, damages and other expenses that may be incurred by the Science X as a result of your breach of the above warranty; and  waive any moral rights in your contribution for the purposes of its submission to and publication on Science X and the purposes specified above.
        	        	        	
General
        	
These terms shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the European Union.
        	        	
Privacy policy
All of the information that we collect from you is subject to our privacy policy.  Please to see our full privacy policy.     	
        	        	
General Data Protection Regulation
Starting on May 25, the GDPR legal obligations take effect. You can read details about our GDPR compliance and the kinds of data we collect on our.    	
        	        	
Corrections and retractions
Science X policy on corrections and retractions can be found.   
        	        	
Questions?
        	
If you have any questions, please feel free to.
        	        	
Updated: May 5, 2018
 
 
Science X Privacy Policy
Your privacy on the Internet is of the utmost importance to us. At Science X, we want to make your experience online satisfying and safe.
 
This Privacy Policy governs your use of Science X and its network ('Science X'), including its websites (phys.org, medicalxpress.com, techxplore.com), any subdomains of those websites, mobile sites, apps, and APIs.
 
We automatically receive and record certain personal data of yours when you visit our websites. This includes device model, IP address, the type of browser and operating system being used.
 
When you subscribe and/or sign up to any of our service(s) we may collect your contact information such as name, e-mail address,unique identifiers, such as nick names and passwords.
 
To enhance your experience with our site, many of our web pages use "cookies." Cookies are text files we place in your computer's browser to store your preferences. The cookie itself does not contain personal information although it will enable us to relate your use of this site to information that you have specifically and knowingly provided. The only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself. A cookie can't read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites. You can refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser. If you've set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies, you will receive the warning message with each cookie. You do not need to have cookies turned on to use this site.
 
Science X Account policy
You may access some of our services by signing up for a Science X Account and providing us with some personal information. The minimum information we need to register you to our website is nick name, email address, and password. When you create an account on Science X, certain information that you provide (e.g. nickname) is visible to other users of Science X. Your email and name (if provided) is not disclosed to other users. Science X does not rent or sell your personal information with other people or nonaffiliated companies. We may email you occasionally with information or questions about your registration with reminders, warnings, or other types of requests.
 
Electronic newsletters policy
We offer a free electronic newsletter to users. Science X gathers the email addresses of users who voluntarily subscribe. Users may remove themselves from this mailing list by following the link provided in every newsletter that points users to the subscription management page. Science X will never disclose your name or email address to third parties.
 
'Send to a friend' feature
When you use the 'Send to a friend' feature we will not use your personal data (typically, name and email address) except to enable the message to be sent. The information you provide may be included in the communication sent to your addressee(s).
 
Children
Consistent with the Federal Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA), we will never knowingly request personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 without requesting parental consent.
 
Third-party advertisements
We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our web site or mobile application. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit.
 
Audience measurement
We use third party tools for audience measurement on our websites. We currently use Google Analytics and Quantcast for this purpose. Google Analytics and Quantcast uses cookies to anonymously and in aggregate report on visits to our websites. We do not combine the information collected through the use of these tools with personally identifiable information. Further information concerning the terms and conditions of use and data privacy can be found at. The Quantcast privacy policy is available at
 
Linked web sites
We provide links to third-party sites. Since we do not control these Web sites, we encourage you to review the privacy policies posted on these (and all) third-party sites.
 
Questions?
If you have any questions, please feel free to.
Updated: May 14, 2018
 


