Terms of use
Welcome to our digital information network.
These are our terms and conditions for use of the network, which you may access in several ways, including but not limited to the World Wide Web via ekathimerini.com, mobile phone and RSS feeds. In these terms and conditions, when we say the "Ekathimerini Site" we mean the digital information network operated by ΙΗΤ- KATHIMERINI S.A. (collectively "IHT-KATHIMERINI"), regardless of how you access the network, whether you access those via a Ekathimerini Site or a third party site. However you access the Ekathimerini Site, you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions.
 
1. Use of material appearing on the Ekathimerini Site
Your use of the Ekathimerini Site is for your own personal and noncommercial use only. You acknowledge that, as between -IHT-Kathimerini and you, except for user content and advertisements (as discussed below), -IHTKathimerinii is the sole owner of all content on the Ekathimerini Site, including, without limitation, all applicable copyrights, patents, trademarks, trade secrets, trade names, logos, and other intellectual property rights thereto, as well as text, images, graphics, logos, audio, video and other material appearing on the Ekathimerini Site ("EKathimerini Content"). The Ekathimerini Site and the EKathimerini Content are protected by the copyright laws and other intellectual property laws of the European Union and Greece and are protected globally by applicable international copyright treaties. You may download and print extracts from the EKathimerini Content for your own personal and non-commercial use only, provided you maintain and abide by any author attribution, copyright or trademark notice or restriction in any material that you download or print. You may not use any EKathimerini Content for any other purpose without our prior written approval. Except as expressly authorised by IHT-Kathimerini, you are not allowed to create a database in electronic or paper form comprising all or part of the material appearing on the Ekathimerini Site. If you operate a news aggregation service or a site providing general news information and articles, even if it does not charge a subscription fee to its users, you need to approach IHT-Kathimerini directly to discuss your licensing requirements before using any article or other publishment from EKathimerini Site in whole or in part. For all other inquiries about distribution or reproduction of the materials, please contact editor @ekathimerini.com
 
2. Disclaimer of liability
To the extent permitted at law, we do not accept any responsibility for any statement in the EKathimerini Content. Nothing in the EKathimerini Content is provided for any specific purpose or at the request of any particular person. For the avoidance of confusion, we will not be liable for any loss caused as a result of your doing, or not doing, anything as a result of viewing, reading or listening to the EKathimerini Content or any part of it. You can access other sites via links from the Ekathimerini Site. These sites are not under our control and we are not responsible in any way for any of their contents. We give no warranties of any kind concerning the Ekathimerini Site or the EKathimerini Content. In particular, we do not warrant that the Ekathimerini Site or any of its contents is virus free. You must take your own precautions in this respect as we accept no responsibility for any infection by virus or other contamination or by anything which has destructive properties. Although we will do our best to provide constant, uninterrupted access to the Ekathimerini Site, we do not guarantee this. We accept no responsibility or liability for any interruption or delay.
 
3. Third party advertising on the Ekathimerini Site
You will see advertising material submitted by third parties on the Ekathimerini Site. Each individual advertiser is solely responsible for the content of its advertising material. We accept no responsibility for the content of advertising material, including, without limitation, any error, omission or inaccuracy therein. If you want to advertise on the Ekathimerini Site, please email the user help team at sales@kathimerini.gr and they will pass your details on to our advertising sales team.
 
4. User content
Users of the Ekathimerini Site can not submit content and/or graphical and/or photographic works for publication directly to Ekathimerini Site . If we receive any comments following transmissions from any connecting service such as disqus It shall be in our absolute discretion to publish them.
 
5. Data protection
Please see our privacy policy for details of how personally identifiable information is collected and may be processed or shared with others. We do not allow employers to view any of your personal details without your express consent.
 
6.Changes to these terms and conditions of use
Please note that we may change these terms and conditions from time to time at our sole discretion and we reserve the right to do without your consent. Any revised terms and conditions will be applicable at the time of posting on the Ekathimerini Site. Please ensure that you review these terms and conditions regularly as you will be deemed to have accepted a variation if you continue to use the Ekathimerini Site after it has been posted.
 
7.Cookies on the Εkathimerini Site
This site, like many others, uses small files called cookies to help us customise your experience. Find out more about cookies and how you can control them.
 
What are 'cookies'? '
Cookies' are small text files that are stored by the browser (for example, Internet Explorer or Safari) on your computer or mobile phone. They allow websites to store things like user preferences. You can think of cookies as providing a 'memory' for the website, so that it can recognise you when you come back and respond appropriately.
 
How does the EΚathimerini 's website use cookies?
A visit to a page on the EKathimerini's website may generate the following types of cookie:
 
Site performance cookies
Anonymous analytics cookies Geotargetting cookies Advertising cookies Third party advertising cookies Site performance cookies This type of cookie remembers your preferences for tools found on the Ekathimerini’s website, so you don't have to re-set them each time you visit. Examples include: -volume settings for our video player - whether you see the latest or the oldest article comments first - video streaming speeds that are compatible with your browser
 
Anonymous analytics cookies:
Every time someone visits our website, software provided by another organisation generates an 'anonymous analytics cookie'. These cookies can tell us whether or not you have visited the site before. Your browser will tell us if you have these cookies and, if you don't, we generate new ones. This allows us to track how many individual users we have, and how often they visit the site.
 
Geotargetting cookies
These cookies are used by software which tries to work out what country you are in from the information supplied by your browser when you click on a web page. This cookie is completely anonymous, and we only use it to help target our content and advertising.
 
Advertising cookies
These cookies allow us to know whether or not you've seen an advert or a type of advert, and how long it is since you've seen it. We also use cookies to help us use targeted advertising. We may use cookies set by another organization so we can more accurately target advertising to you. These cookies are anonymous – they store information about what you are looking at on our site, but not about who you are. We also set anonymous cookies on certain other sites that we advertise on. If you receive one of those cookies, we may then use it to identify you as having visited that site if you later visit the EKathimerini Site. We can then target our advertising based on this information.
 
Third party advertising cookies
A lot of the advertisements you see on the EKathimerini Site are provided by other organisations. Some of these organisations use their own anonymous cookies to track how many people have seen a particular ad, or to track how many people have seen it more than once. The companies that generate these cookies have their own privacy policies, and we have no access to read or write these cookies. These organizations may use their cookies to anonymously target advertising to you on other websites, based on your visit The ekathimerini.com
 
Other third party cookies
On some pages of our website, other organisations may also set their own anonymous cookies. They do this to track the success of their application, or to customise the application for you. Because of how cookies work, our website cannot access these cookies, nor can the other organisation access the data in cookies we use on our website. For example, when you share an article using a social-media sharing button (for example, Facebook) on the EKathimerini Site, the social network that has created the button will record that you have done this.
 
How do I turn cookies off?
It is usually possible to stop your browser accepting cookies, or to stop it accepting cookies from a particular website. However, we cannot tell if you are signed in without using cookies, so you would not be able to post comments. All modern browsers allow you to change your cookie settings. You can usually find these settings in the 'options' or 'preferences' menu of your browser.
 
8.Governing law & jurisdiction
These terms and conditions are governed by Greek law and the parties agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Greek courts in Athens .
 
9. Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless IHT-Kathimerini, its parents, subsidiaries, and affiliates, and each of their respective officers, directors, and employees from any and all claims, liabilities, costs, and expenses, including, but not limited to, attorneys' fees and expenses, arising out a breach by you or any user of your account of these terms and conditions or privacy policy or arising out of a breach of your obligations, representation and warranties under these terms and conditions.
 
10. No waiver
Our failure to insist upon or enforce any provision of these terms of service shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right of IHT-Kathimerini.
 
11. Additional disclaimers
Visitors to the Ekathimerini Site agree that their use of the Ekathimerini Site is at their own sole risk. The Ekathimerini Site is provided "as is" and "as available," without warranty of any kind, either express or implied including but not limited to: (i) any warranties concerning the availability, accuracy, appropriateness, reliability, timeliness, or usefulness of the content of the Ekathimerini Site; and (ii) any warranties of title, warranty of non-infringement, or warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. IHT-Kathimerini also makes no representations and warranties as to any linked sites and IHT-Kathimerini has no liability or responsibility with respect to your use of such sites. In some instances, content made available on the Ekathimerini Site may represent the opinions and judgments of providers or users, such as user content. IHTKathimerini and its affiliates do not endorse nor shall they be responsible or liable for the accuracy or reliability of any statement made on the Ekathimerini Site by anyone other than authorised IHTKathimerini employees acting in such capacity. This disclaimer of liability applies to any damages or injuries caused by the Ekathimerini Site, including, without limitation, those damages or injuries occurring as a result of: (i) any error, omission, deletion, or defect in the content available on the Ekathimerini Site; or (ii) any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus, communication line failure, theft or destruction of records, information or data, unauthorised access to, alteration of, or use of records, information or data, whether for breach of contract, tort, negligence, defamation, or any other cause of action. IHT-Kathimerini does not warrant or guarantee that access to the Ekathimerini Site will be uninterrupted or error-free. Applicable law may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusion may not apply to you.
 
12. Limitation of liability
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, IN NO EVENT WILL IHTKATHIMERINI OR ITS AFFILIATES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS, BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY OTHER PARTY FOR ANY DIRECT OR INDIRECT LOSS, DAMAGE, COST, EXPENSE OR LIABILITY OF ANY KIND ("LOSS") ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE AVAILABILITY, USE, RELIANCE ON, OR INABILITY TO USE THE EKATHIMERINI SITE, INCLUDING (WITHOUT LIMITATION): (i) DAMAGES FOR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF BUSINESS AND OTHER PROFITS, LOSS OF PROGRAMS, COST OF REPLACING EQUIPMENT OR SOFTWARE OR LOSS OF RECORDS, INFORMATION OR DATA, LOSS OF USE OF DATA, LOSS OF REVENUE, LOSS OF GOODWILL, LOSS OF CUSTOMERS, LOSS OF OR DAMAGE TO REPUTATION, LOSS OF CAPITAL, DOWNTIME COSTS, LOSS UNDER OR IN RELATION TO ANY OTHER CONTRACT, OR LOSS OF ANTICIPATED SAVINGS OR BENEFITS; (ii) ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL LOSS; OR (iii) ANY LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR OTHER INACCURACIES IN THE EKATHIMERINI SITE. THE EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY IN THIS SECTION 15 APPLIES EVEN IF IHT-KATHIMERINI SHALL HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSS. BECAUSE SOME STATES OR JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR PARTICULAR KINDS OF LOSS, IN SUCH STATES OR JURISDICTIONS, IHT-KATHIMERINI LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW THEREBY MINIMIZING IHT-KATHIMERINI’s LIABILITY TO YOU TO THE LOWEST AMOUNT THAT APPLICABLE LAW PERMITS
 

