Cookie and Interest-based Advertising Policy
The Condé Nast Publications Ltd.
This policy outlines what cookies and similar tracking technologies our websites use, how we use them and information on how to opt out of these cookies if you wish to do so.

Contents
What are cookies?
Why do we use them?
What cookies do we use?
Opting out of cookies

 
What are cookies?
Cookies and similar tracking technologies, such as tags, scripts and beacons, are small pieces of code (referred to as cookies hereafter) that are stored on a device (computer, mobile phone, tablet etc) and enable a website to "personalise" itself to users by remembering information about the user's visit to the website. We also use cookies within emails we may send.
 
Cookies are used to collect information, where available, about your device, your IP address, operating system and browser type and how you have interacted with our websites.

While cookies are used to identify users and devices, they only ever collect non-personal information such as IP addresses, device IDs. If the data cookies collect are ever merged with any other information with which you have provided us, such as email addresses, these are anonymised in such a way that identification to actual people is impossible.


Why do we use them?
Our websites use cookies to:
Store any preferences you have made and display content to you in a more personalised way
Evaluate our websites' advertising and promotional effectiveness
Gain insight into the nature of our audience so we can tailor our content accordingly
Provide interest-based advertising on our websites and on other websites which are tailored to your interests and preferences

We have a legitimate interest to use cookies so that we can show you adverts we believe you might be interested in, to control the number of times you see an advert and to measure the effectiveness of a campaign. We advertise on our site and in our newsletters to help keep the content free for our audiences.
 
We will always make sure our websites contain clear and easy to find information about our cookies.
 
What types of cookies do we use?
Per-session cookies - We only use these while you are visiting our website and they are deleted when you leave. They remember you as you move between pages, for example recording the items you add to an online shopping basket. They also help maintain security.
Persistent cookies - These cookies stay on your computer until they expire or are deleted. We set automatic deletion dates so that we don't keep your information for longer than we need to.
First and third-party cookies – Whether a cookie is ‘first’ or ‘third’ party refers to the website or domain placing the cookie. First party cookies in basic terms are cookies set by a website visited by the user - the website displayed in the URL window. Third party cookies are cookies that are set by a domain other than the one being visited by the user. If a user visits a website and a separate company sets a cookie through that website this would be a third-party cookie.
 
Below is a full list of all the different third-party cookies that we use:
 
--------TABLE--------
 Cookie, Type, Description
" Google Analytics, Google AdSense, DoubleClick", Site analytics (Google Analytics)," Google (www.google.com) operates the Google Display Network: a collection of millions of websites and mobile applications that are powered by display advertising, including many Google services like YouTube. Google also operates the DoubleClick digital advertising platform: the ad technology foundation to create, transact, and manage digital advertising for the world’s buyers, creators, and sellers. The DoubleClick platform includes the DoubleClick Advertising Exchange and Double Click Bid Manager. To learn more about how Google collect and use information for online advertising, please visit http://www.google.com/intl/en/privacy.html"
 NetRatings SiteCensus, Site analytics," Nielsen Site Census is a browser-based audience measurement tool that provides in-depth tracking and analysis of our Web site users, site performance and other critical measurement data. Privacy Policy: http://www.nielsen.com/us/en/privacy-policy/digital-measurement.html"
 Rubicon, Advertising," Rubicon Project is a leading technology company automating the buying and selling of advertising. Rubicon Project has engineered one of the largest real-time cloud and Big Data computing systems, processing trillions of transactions within milliseconds each month. The company's technology created a new model for the advertising industry. Rubicon Project's automated advertising platform is used by the world's leading publishers and applications to transact with top brands around the globe. See more at: http://rubiconproject.com/whoweare/#sthash.lysxULOn.dpuf"
 Permutive, Advertising," Permutive is a behavioural targeting service provided by Permutive Inc., for use on websites owned and operated by Condé Nast. Permutive uses first-party cookies to store an anonymous ID for a user. A cookie is a small information file that is sent to your computer, mobile or other device when you visit a website and it will recognise your device on future visits. Users can configure their web browser to reject these cookies—or all cookies—and Permutive, Inc. will no longer collect information for them. Events (e.g. article page views) are stored for users within Permutive, and users can be segmented based upon these events. Permutive does not store IP addresses within the member states of the European Union or in other states of the European Economic Area."
 Full Circle Studies / Scorecard Research Beacon," Third party, advertising"," Full Circle Studies is a market research company that studies Internet trends and behaviour. They work in conjunction with distributors and content providers to develop an anonymous, census-level analytics. For further information including how to opt out, please visit: http://www.fullcirclestudies.com/privacy.aspx"
 Sizmek," Third party, advertising", Sizmek fuels digital advertising campaigns for advertisers and agencies around the world with the most cutting-edge technology to engage audiences across any screen. http://www.sizmek.com/privacy-policy/
 Facebook Pixel, Advertising, Condé Nast uses Facebook technologies such as the Facebook Pixel to show you interest-based marketing content from our brands and selected advertisers if you have viewed a Condé Nast website. Data collected by the Facebook Pixel may also be anonymised and used in aggregate to help improve the quality and effectiveness of our websites and marketing efforts. You can find out more about Facebook Advertising and manage your Facebook Advertising settings or opt-out of Facebook interest-based advertising at https://www.facebook.com/ads/about/
 Celtra, Audio/visual player," Celtra provides a web based self-service platform for creation, ad trafficking, tracking and optimization of rich media mobile display advertising. http://www.celtra.com/privacy-policy"
 Adobe Typekit, Essential," Adobe Typekit puts a wide range of inspiring fonts within reach of all the tools you use to get your work done each day, so you can use great type in your projects without a second thought. http://www.adobe.com/privacy/policies/typekit.html"
 Communities and forum site cookies / Vision Critical, Communities domains e.g. uk.voguevoices.com, Condé Nast uses Vision Critical as a provider of communities and forums. Vision Critical sets various cookies to administer the community websites. View the full list of Vision Critical cookies.
 Twitter Share Button, twitter.com," When you create or log in to an account on http://www.twitter.com cookies are stored on your computer in order to remain logged-in to your Twitter account when visiting http://www.twitter.com again. The Twitter Share Button used on our website is hosted by http://www.twitter.com and your browser therefore sends this cookie data to Twitter when creating the button inside your browser. This data is used by Twitter in order to associate the Twitter Share Button with your Twitter account. Please note that this data is not accessible to us, and is not sent to us by Twitter. More information about this cookie and Twitter's Privacy Policy can be found at http://www.twitter.com/privacy"
 Hotjar, Site analytics, Hotjar is a new all-in-one Analysis and Feedback tool that reveals the online behaviour and feedback of a website's visitors. http://www.hotjar.com/privacy
 Pinterest, Social media," Pinterest lets you organize and share all the things you find on the web. People use pinboards to plan their weddings, decorate their homes, and organize their favourite recipes. http://pinterest.com/about/privacy/"
 Facebook Connect, Social media," Facebook Developers is a social media platform that allows Facebook users to create Social Plugins, Graph APIs, and Social Channels, that enables websites to provide engaging social experiences to their users. https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/"
 Skimlinks, e-commerce traffic attribution," Privacy policy: https://skimlinks.com/pages/privacy-policy Purposes: Information storage and access Personalisation: Ad selection, delivery, reporting Legitimate Interest Purposes: Measurement Features: Linking Devices"
 Genius Link, e-commerce traffic attribution, Privacy policy: https://skimlinks.com/pages/privacy-policy Purposes: Information storage and access Personalisation: directing web users to relevant local websites within our content.
--------------------- 
Opting out of cookies
We provide you with choice over the use of cookies as described in this policy.
Please note that our websites may not work correctly if you change certain preferences, such as disabling all cookies.
Please also note that after applying these settings, you will continue to receive advertising, although it may not be tailored to your likely interests using information collected from cookies and similar technologies on your device.
 
First Party Cookies. If you'd rather we didn't use cookies when you visit us, click here for information on how to configure your browser settings to reject cookies. Please note, disabling these types of cookies won’t turn off advertising on our websites and the advertising you see may be less relevant to you.
 
Third Party Cookies. If you would like to opt-out of third-party cookies, here are some options:
If you would like to opt-out of receiving personalised ads from third party advertisers and ad networks who are members of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI), or who follow the Digital Advertising Alliance’s (DAA) Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising, you can by visiting the opt-out pages on the NAI website and DAA website or click here to opt out.
Google provides a suite of tools to control its cookies:
Google Analytics, which is a tool used to track and report website traffic, provides an out-out browser add-on that can be downloaded here.
Google Safety Centre has a tool where you can control the ads you see on Google and control the data used for serving ads to you. It can be found here.
If you wish to block other cookies, including those being served by companies that are not part of the NAI or the DAA you can use the browser-level cookie controls described below.
 
Browser-level cookie controls
Most browsers allow you to manage cookie settings. These settings can usually be found in the ‘Settings’, ‘Options’ or ‘Preferences’ menu of your browser. The links below are provided to help you find the settings for some common browsers.
Manage cookie settings in Chrome and Chrome Android and Chrome iOS
Manage cookie settings in Firefox
Manage cookie settings in Internet Explorer
Manage cookie settings in Microsoft Edge
Manage cookie settings in Safari and Safari iOS
 

