Privacy policy and cookies - Gestion des donnees personnelles et cookies
This privacy policy sets out how The Connexion uses and protects any information that you give us when you use this website. 
English Language Media Sarl, the publisher of this site, is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. 
We may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
 
What we collect
We collect information from you when you place an order for a product (subscription / help guide / article / advert), subscribe to our newsletter, register with the site or fill out and submit a form.
 
This information may include: 
• Your name / potential screen name to post comments
• Contact information including email address (and postal address / phone number if needed to deliver a product to you) 
• Other information that will help us provide you a better service, such as a region and department of France you may be particularly interested in and wish to receive information about
 
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, in particular for the following reasons: 
• Internal record-keeping 
• We may use the information to improve our products and services 
• We use the information you voluntarily provide in order to send out electronic newsletters. We send out our newsletter to subscribers on a regular basis 
• We may also periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided 
• From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, or mail. We may in the future use the information you provide to customise the website according to your interests 
• If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email. You can also unsubscribe to our newsletter via the 'My Account' area of the website
 
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. 
All payment information is handled by Cerillion Skyline. Cerillion Skyline is a Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) billing application built to comply with the latest security standards and web technologies and uses an embedded payment service provider to store encrypted credit card details in a secure vault with the highest level of PCI DSS compliance (Level 1)
 
Your credit card information is not stored on our servers.
 
Storage of card details and ability to update them?
All subscriptions have an auto-renewal function activated. Your credit or debit card details are stored to enable this to work. You can switch off the auto-renewal function at any time via the 'My Account' area of the website. If you wish to have your credit or debit card details removed completely from the secure database please email us at contact@connexionfrance.com with details of your name and the email you used to subscribe and we will organise this.
 
Your credit or debit card details are also stored after a one-off purchase to make it easier for you to buy another purchase from us later and for your security (online credit card frauds often happen at the moment of entering details through the internet rather than within secure storage). Again if you do not wish your details to be stored please email us at contact@connexionfrance.com with the name and the email address for your account and we will organise for these to be removed from the secure server.
 
What is a cookie and how do we use them
Cookies are tracers placed on Internet users’ hard drives by the web hosts of the visited website. They allow the website to identify a single user across multiple visits with a unique identifier. Cookies may be used for various purposes: building up a shopping cart, storing a website’s language settings, or targeting advertising by monitoring the user’s web-browsing.
 
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system. 
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any personally identifiable information about you. 
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
 
To find out more about managing cookies and depending on your choice of browser, please see:
- Microsoft Internet Explorer : https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies
- Google Chrome : https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en&hlrm=en
- Safari : https://support.apple.com/kb/ph21411?locale=fr_FR
- Firefox : https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences
- Opéra : http://www.opera.com/help/tutorials/security/privacy/
 
Evaluation of traffic
Our website uses Piwik, an open source software for statistically evaluating website traffic.
 
CNIL, an independent administrative body that operates in accordance with the French data protection legislation, has indentified Piwik as the only tool that respects all privacy requirements set by the European Telecom law. For more details see http://piwik.org/blog/2014/10/cnil-recommends-piwik-analytics-tool-no-cookie-consent/
 
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of every email or by emailing us at community@connexionfrance.com 
We will never sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties. 
We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting. 
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under Loi n° 1.165, du 23 décembre 1993, modifiée (loi Monégasque relative à la Protection des données personnelles et de vie privée). 
If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write by registered post to:
 
English Language Media Sarl / Data Protection,
41 Avenue Hector Otto,
98000 Monaco 
 
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect. If you are a subscriber you can update the information yourself using the 'My Account' link on our website.
 
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. 
Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
 
Updates to this policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page and update the Privacy Policy modification date below. 
This policy was last modified on February 20, 2017.
 

